docs: Logging Documentation (RQA-257) (#191)
Opentrons/opentrons-emulation: README.md

1. Make some changes to `bases_Dockerfile`
1. Run `make dev-build file_path=./samples/your/path && make dev-run file_path=./samples/your/path`
1. Test your changes

# Debugging

## Debugging Docker-Compose File Generation

> Figuring out how the docker-compose file was generated from your input yaml file is extremely confusing.
> There is a ton of business logic going on and without explanation for decisions, things seem to be generated,
> at random.
> 
> In attempt to clarify why things are generated they way they are, 2 log files will be generated whenever you
> call any command that calls `generate-compose-file` behind the scenes.
> 
> The 2 versions of log files are a raw text version and a rich text version.
> 
> - **Raw Text File:** `opentrons-emulation/compose_file_creator_log.txt`
> - **Rich Text File:** `opentrons-emulation/compose_file_creator_log.html`
> 
> The raw text file can be viewed in any text editor. The rich text file can be viewed in any text editor that
> supports html rendering, or just by opening it a browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generation of the docker-compose file is complex. Business logic is built into the code.
Two log files are generated for any command that calls `generate-compose-file` so that the logic may be audited. 

There are two versions of the log file:

- **Raw Text File:** `opentrons-emulation/compose_file_creator_log.txt`
- **Rich Text File:** `opentrons-emulation/compose_file_creator_log.html`

The `.txt` file may be viewed in any text editor. The `.html` file may be viewed in a text editor that supports html rendering or in a browser.
```
